08.23.21 - The day we take you to college. The last day you really live under my
 roof. I focus on how the is a great thing for you, as I am crushed inside, it
 feels like someone keeps hitting me in the body when I am not ready for it.

 I can't imagine how much less of you I will see day in and day out, I have set
 the orbit of my life around you and your brothers daily activities - now you are
 missing from my solar system. I have no words how sad I am for myself, but how
 excited I am for you - the possibilities of the new world in front of you are
 dizzying. I will focus on that excitement for you, not my sadness.

 Yesterday we went to Sams for pretzels...not sure you got the significance. But
 when you were very little 1-2 years old, we'd make Sams runs together, and a
 pretzel for you was part of our routine, some of my favorite times were grocery
 shopping with you. Chasing 'trains'.

 The weather today wasn't exactly cool, but the heat wasn't as brutal, as the sun
 was shining - like it could have been a day long ago when you were little and
 we went to the pool, not when you were older and heading off to college.

 I am not sure what you can read of my mood and what is happening inside of me,
 I so don't want to make you feel uncomfortable, worried or awkward.

 Packed and loaded... time to go. :( and :)

 We drove there, we set up your room, Mom was her usual crazy control perfectionist
 self. You handled her well and were funny about it. I watched you hang those
 metal initial letters she bought, I watched you and was happy in that moment - it
 was a little thing but despite all my sadness it was a small sign of your being
 in charge of yourself and the future.

I think we got you well prepared, for what you needed to be comfortable in your room,
but I have no idea really. I worried before we left if you were going to be well-fed
and cared for.

 We went to Lupe Tortilla, and I think you were actually just sitting there just to
 be with us a bit longer. I was so happy to see you eat heartily - it one of those
 parent things.

 We dropped you off near your dorm, we hugged and said goodbye - I couldn't help
 getting teary. I hadn't gotten to hug you in a very long time - be warned it's
 going to be a new part of hello/goodbye from now on. I couldn't really get anything
 wise sounding out.

 You walked away - and I had heartbreak - I saw you as if you were little again,
 a little guy walking off into the great big world. You turned and waved and seemed
 a little hesitant yourself, I teared up, but I held it together because Mom needed
 me to be in control.

 We drove home, I choked up, Mom cried, and then we got home - I bawled into a couch
 pillow for a good long time.

 08.24.21

 I woke this morning - and my legs were stiff and painful - the few flight of
 stairs carrying stuff did me in. Nothing compared to how I felt inside. It's the first
 regular day of school, getting your brother up and ready makes me super aware you
 aren't here, and you won't be.

I got caught crying by Mom and Garrison, and I feel bad for them.

 I am figuring out how to have goodies delivered to your
 dorm from HEB. When I can do that and know I can still get you goodies I think
 I'll feel a little better.

 I also realized that I could write you paper letters and would be happy just
 sending them to you without you ever writing back. Made me feel way better to
 write the first one.

 08.25.21

 No weeping today. I was able to focus more on your having freedom, and adventure
 in front of you, and that's what I have wanted for you. I was hoping to wait until
 the weekend to send you a text... couldn't do it. You haven't responded, and I
 am thinking it might be good if you don't. I don't want to be pushy/nosy I just
 want to know you are doing okay, but really you have only been gone like 2 days.

 I need to let you work on being your own man, I should maybe focus on cleaning
 up my act.

 Later: You texted me back, got me to tear-up.

 08.27.21

 I didn't write yesterday, I was more numb and dazed than anything else. It was
 an odd day, like my personality went on a holiday. I woke up very early today,
 and I started thinking about the possibilities for you at a great big new world
 filled with people your age, free to be, do and go more or less as you please. I
 pictured you exploring, meeting folks having fun, learning stuff etc and I actually
 got happy, not to make you sound like a dead pet, but it really came clear to me,
 you are in a better place. I will always, always, always miss you, but I am also
 happy for you to move onto your life. Just hoping maybe that life includes me once
 in a while.

 08.28.21

 First weekend with you at A&M, just a little weird thinking you won't be around
 normally. No texts for Pancakes and coffee. If you are happy where you are then
 that's what works for me.
 The real challenge for me is to keep from bugging you everyday, and asking too many
 questions. As much as I want to see you soon, I am glad you didn't come home with
 Gabe, I don't think it was a help for you or I.

08.30.21

One week since you left - crazy because it feels like a lifetime almost. My morning
routine was so very similar to last week - up early to get trash out, buy and make
lunch for your brother. Like many days over the last decade really. I still miss
you and pretty much always will - Daddy loves you - but I am happy for the possibilities
in front of you, and your chance to be your own man, on your own. You are already
one of the few man I am have glad to have known in my life - just be who you are going
forward.

08.31.21

Well today is the unofficial end of summer - tomorrow is September. It's actually
below 85 degrees. Still strange to me that the world is so normal-seeming given
that things have changed so much with you in college, the world should be different.
Last week I already put in for time-off at work for the whole week of Thanksgiving
so I can be available to pick you up from school and prep for your return. I was thinking
all breakfasts would be soft pretzels. Chick-fil-a lunches - lots of dougnuts.
I miss you. Always will. Daddy loves you. You can be amazing, don't forget that,
I am so proud of you. {Praying you come home for Thanksiving.}

09.02.21
Wrote you another 'paper-letter' - those are only intended to let you know I am
thinking of you, and a way I can feel like I am 'chatting' with you. Not wanting
to force you to write letters back to me.
I think this little 'journaling' activity may have reached it's logical conclusion,
while I'll miss you, wish you were here and etc, I think I am dealing with this new
situation now, and sending you letters is the 'new normal'.
I am still here, and ready to help in my adjusted role as father, here's hoping you
don't need me, even if it would be nice to be needed.

09.03.21
I was wrong to say I wasn't coming back to this 'journal', I need to share, if you
will. Today, a Friday, was very empty, strange, a little sad - you are a presence,
and that presence isn't here anymore, I grew used to that presence taking up the space
of my life, now that space is just empty. I'll find stuff to do, keep myself busy -
I have no choice really. But you are missed - Daddy loves you.

10.11.21
So in the last few weeks my eyes have been opening to the world of the future,
and I fear for your future so much. I wonder how much you know of what may lie in
wait. As I learn more of the future I am looking to what I can do for you with the
rest of my life to help you however I can.

08.07.22

You've been home for the summer, and it has been nothing short of wonderful to see
you pretty much everyday. Even if you did bang-up the car :) It will hurt when you head back.
Hopefully visiting you will be a common occurance.
